and quite a practical game that we have
done with the selection and well hopefully
can serve us for Sunday and be able
win if we know we have played and
We hope to beat him and we will go with
everything to be able to beat that team
also the one who scored a goal but the
Sunday to be able to put that class much more
of matches we need
and learn little by little to give us
realize that what we lack and what is good
is that we have turned the marker and
we have obtained a positive result for
us exactly as you gave
account there are several girls who have missed
in this match for the injuries
they had but we are trying to
accommodate us little by little power this
for planting the posts of the
compañeras that are mentioned for
to get right to Sunday's game
and they got another positive result for
go adding little by little really not
a lot because what little we've seen is
which is a new team that is just
starting there are several teams that have
won by a greater number of goals
then the same thing we are going to do
but without belittling the rival try to
make them the goals you can and be able to
get a positive and good result in
truth this now with these casualties that
we have in the team concentrating and
training well this preparation
this game that we have had with the
selection for the before to the Sunday and
preparing and watching the team as
It was how it arrives and good more than anything
field work and structures
what do we do really good
it's good how everything is sad for the
eyes that we have had in the championship
but
I think we 're all a team and I think
that we can take on this challenge because
there are girls who can also give in the
field and I think it's good to wait
also to the girls who are in this
that are bad and hopefully recover
it seemed to bring more than all the uvi
to get the three points out of each
clear party always giving everything in the
court helping in the uv the symbol that
we have in the chest and good to give everything
also here and always this not only
in the field outside also that
representing university and I think that
it is necessary good even if it is for me it is
quite big and give everything in the field
fact
and speaking of the rival in turn that
did professor talk about it or do you guys
who already know about rivals already know how
they play this good team really not
we have still had the good thing so
least I had the opportunity to speak
with the professor the rival that we have
right now is Colombia and really
this good what we have seen changed
everything I've seen changing is a
equipment that does not feed is not so much
at a level that compared to the profit that
we have had better matches but
do not underestimate de facto but colombia
it remains is still a team at
that we have to get him out
three points per day